AI #1785: Add Invoice Detail and Billing Period datasets (#1900)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/billing_period/columns/billingperiodlastupdated.md

# Billing Period Last Updated

> A Billing Period Created is the timestamp when the [Billing Period](#datasets.billingperiod) record was last updated. This timestamp helps FinOps practitioners ensure that they are working with the most current version of a record, particularly if corrections or status changes have been applied to the record after its initial creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Billing Period Last Updated is the timestamp when the [Billing Period](#datasets.billingperiod) record was last updated. This timestamp helps FinOps practitioners ensure that they are working with the most current version of a record, we have applied particularly if corrections or status changes to the record after its initial creation.
```

Author: Agree with the name being wrong in the paragraph -- my bad.  

Disagree with the second change.  What is that intended to mean?  Looks like a sentence fragment.

```suggestion
A Billing Period Last Updated is the timestamp when the [Billing Period](#datasets.billingperiod) record was last updated. This timestamp helps FinOps practitioners ensure that they are working with the most current version of a record, particularly if corrections or status changes have been applied to the record after its initial creation.
```

Reviewer: Agreed with the simplification @shawnalpay I think I was just typing too quickly or didn't realize the sentence fragment as I was going back and forth with how to frame the suggestion. Feel free to commit your suggestion, looks good to me.

## Requirements

> BillingPeriodLastUpdated adheres to the following requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BillingPeriodLastUpdated MUST adhere to the following requirements:
```

* BillingPeriodLastUpdated MUST be of type Date/Time.
* BillingPeriodLastUpdated MUST conform to [DateTimeFormat](#attributes.date/timeformat) requirements.

> * BillingPeriodLastUpdated MUST not be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BillingPeriodLastUpdated MUST NOT be null.
```
